docs(using): clarify service upstream annotations for services in namespace not having sidecar injection enabled (#2091)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/_src/using-mesh/managing-ingress-traffic/delegated.md

With this annotation the ingress controller sends traffic to the `Service` IP instead of directly to the endpoints selected by the `Service`.
{{site.mesh_product_name}} then routes this `Service` traffic to endpoints as configured by the mesh.
{{site.mesh_product_name}} automatically injects this annotation for every

> `Service` that is in namespaces labeled as `kuma.io/sidecar-injection=enabled`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Service` that is in a namespace with the label `kuma.io/sidecar-injection=enabled`.
```
